now when it comes to biology any species
primary goal is to perpetuate itself our
own species usually makes about one
successor at a time well a queen ant can
make thousands in a day that's far from
the maximum but let's start small on
roughly how many offspring this planet's
animals can have aardvark one cub these
guys are super diggers they can excavate
two feet in 15 seconds elephants
giraffes camel zebras and humans also
typically have a single youngling at a
time crane
two eggs cranes and other birds don't
actually have backward needs the visible
joint in the middle of their leg is the
ankle and they walk on their toes
cheetah three Cubs the world's fastest
land animal can go from zero to 60 in
three seconds but it can't roar like
other big cats platypus for eggs it's
the only mammal that lays eggs
scientists at first couldn't believe
descriptions of the platypus
and took it as a joke star-nosed mole
five pups their strange nose isn't for
smelling they use it to touch 12
different places on the ground at once
it's the most nerve packed sensitive
organ known in any mammal field mouse
six pups baby mice are also called
pinkies so now you know females are doze
and males are bucks just like deer
raccoon seven Cubs those adorable black
mask's around their eyes keep Sun glares
out just like football players put black
stripes under their eyes brown rat eight
pups they produce a cheerful sound like
laughter when they play or feel happy
great white shark nine pups although
they get twenty feet long and weigh
about 2,000 pounds they're by far not
the biggest shark species that would be
the 55 foot whale shark Suriname toad
ten eggs the babies live on their
mother's back for the first few months
of life
these toads look as if they don't have
eyes but they're just really tiny EMU 11
eggs they're the only bird species that
have calf muscles they can't fly because
they're too big and heavy but they can
run 30 miles per hour Fox 12 pups you
can tell the type of a fox by its tail
red foxes have white tips and Swift
foxes tips are black these canines also
have partially retractable claws and
vertical pupils like cats Virginia
opossum 13 Joey's these animals don't
get to choose when they play possum they
actually pass out involuntarily from
fear and stress duck 14 ducklings they
have a unique net-like pattern of blood
vessels in their feet that keep them
warm
even when walking on ice or swimming in
freezing cold waters European rabbit 15
Kip's they purr like cats when they're
happy or relaxed and their teeth never
stop growing rabbits must constantly
wear them down by chewing on grass and
veggies in your yard bull head shark 16
eggs their eggs are spiral like a
corkscrew they get their name from their
short blunt snout African wild dog 20
pups they walk more than 30 miles a day
to find food wild dogs have longer legs
than domesticated pooches grey partridge
22 eggs jeepers that young partridges
can already fly two weeks after hatching
it takes humans 10 months to start
crawling golden hamster 23 puffs their
cheeks can fit an amount of food that
equals their body weight that can be
handy galapagos tortoise 24 a's these
animals can live up to 150 years and the
tortoise wasn't named after the island
it was the other way around
woodlouse 28 they're the only
crustaceans than crabs lobsters etc that
live on the land they roll up in a
when scared tailless tenrec 32 they
actually do have a tail it's just very
little American alligator 58 they can go
through 3,000 teeth in their lifetime
boa constrictor 60 snake 'lets they grow
over 15 feet long and live up to 40
years
snakes themselves have been around for
150 million years caiman 65 like all
crocodilians Caymans have changed very
little throughout all their 200 million
year existence glowworm 75 yeah they
really do glow it helps them attract
others of their kind jellyfish one
hundred ninety five percent of their
body is water jellyfish have been sent
to space and one species is immortal fly
120 eggs they don't have to eat food to
taste it just walking on it is enough
since their feet have taste receptors
tiny hairs on their feet also help them
stand upside down on ceilings tetra 130
though they seem peaceful they're in the
same family with piranhas cuttlefish 200
they can see behind themselves and hunt
by hypnotizing their food now that
doesn't seem fair leafy sea dragon 250
eggs they use their leaf like appearance
to hide from enemies they're in the same
family as seahorses salamander 300 some
of these species have tongues up to ten
times longer than their body cockroach
320 their tube shaped hearts have 13
chambers humans only have four sea slug
500 some grow up to a foot in length
while others are smaller than an aspirin
angelfish 600 they're good pets and can
recognize their owner millipede 700
they're born with only three pairs of
legs and grow 200 more throughout their
life
axolotl 800 this name comes from the way
ancient Aztecs called them and
translates as water dog barnacle 900
there are filter feeders that attach to
crabs whales and the shells of sea
turtles
oh and boats to seahorse 1,000 the male
seahorse carries eggs on its tail for 20
days before they can finally hatch
horned frog 1500 they're also known as
the pac-man frog
thanks to their appetite and largemouth
African clawed frog mm they're named for
their unique feet their hind legs have
clawed toes that they used to grip and
shred their food ladybug they're
technically lady beetles not bugs and
their larvae look nothing like their
adult form honeybee 2501 B has to fly
about ninety thousand miles the
equivalent of three times around the
globe to make one pound of honey no
wonder they're busy piranha five
thousand eggs they changed their
razor-sharp teeth every 100 days
lionfish eight thousand their spikes are
venomous but the fish don't use them to
hunt
they're just for protection more rate
eel ten thousand they have two sets of
Jaws when is deeper in their mouth and
helps pull food in that's some are a
hermit crab fifteen thousand they use
abandoned sea snail shells to protect
their body and change it as they grow
out of it electric eel
17000 it can generate 500 volts of
electric shock the power sockets in your
house carry only 120 shocking bullfrog
twenty thousand its best known for its
loud cow like calls termite forty
thousand if you put all the termites on
earth on a scale their total weight
would be 445 mil
in times do the same with humans and it
would only read 350 million tons ghost
moth fifty thousand moths are expert of
impersonating other animals using their
camouflage to hide horseshoe crab ninety
thousand they actually aren't crabs
they're more closely related to
scorpions and in spiders look under the
shell and you'll see octopus one hundred
thousand they don't have tentacles they
have arms tentacles are what squids have
two of longer with suction cups only on
the end along with their eight arms
lined entirely with suction cups black
garden ant 300,000 their queen can live
for 30 years while female workers
survive for one to three years and the
male's lasts only a few weeks Atlantic
sturgeon 500,000 they're known to reach
up to eight hundred pounds and measure
14 feet in length
shrimp 950,000 a snapping shrimp can
close its claws so fast it creates a
sound louder than fireworks going on
starfish two million they have two
stomachs but no brain and blood and live
up to 35 years sub-saharan driver ant 3
million their Queen lays over 250
million eggs during her lifetime in
miles best to Mars and back she can also
get 2 inches long almost the length of a
golf tee oyster 4 million when Easter
can filter 50 gallons of water and lots
of them can serve as an effective
natural barrier to a storm sea urchin 20
million the red sea urchin is one of the
longest living animals on the planet it
can live up to 200 years Pacific bluefin
tuna 25 million this fish lives up to 40
years and migrates from the western
Pacific to the East covering one-third
of the planet's surface area sunfish 300
million eggs
they sunbathe near the surface before
going into deep water they can also
weigh 5,000 pounds as much as a rhino
finally we have the giant clam 500
million eggs
unlike other clams the giant 4 foot wide
clam can't close its shell completely so
he really can't clam up bye-bye